everybody making another vista point
video here in Lauren our pass or an
Irish pass I believe it's called yep or
an Irish pass down here in the very
south east edge of the zone going for
this Vista point just east of venison
pass basically you just come to this
Waypoint and then you come all the way
over the north over here and follow this
path up come around and then down to the
head of this prong over on the Left
South Area on that path and you'll get
over here to this rock and what you want
to do is jump down here and you can get
on this rock right here and traverse
across and jump over and you'll come out
on the rock right here where the Vista
point is so thanks for watching
everybody doing another vista point here
in lauren RS pass down here in the
southwest corner I'm at the demons what
mile way point going for this Vista
point just southwest at the Waypoint
facing the south right here and
basically you just need to come over
here to this corner and kind of drop
drop off the side there you can see the
vista point over here I want to jump to
this little rock outcropping right here
and jump over to here and try to jump up
onto this one and then just jump over to
the ledge and then you can just run up
the side of the mountain here and grab
the Vista point thanks for watching
everybody doing another vista point here
and Lauren RS pass at the faust lake
Waypoint or vista point here basically
can just run across this bridge from the
Waypoint and you'll run into the fort
across this bridge here come up these
steps and then you can just run across
this bridge and you can see the vista
point you just got to get on this a
little piece of wood run right up to the
tip and there it is so thanks for
watching everybody doing another vista
point here in loaners pass i
at this going for this vista point right
here I guess it's just east of false
lake I just after I got this one I come
around the south of this mountain and
got over here to the Northeast
basically you can just come up right up
here from the grass and get up on the
mountain vista point is essentially just
over up here at the top so you can kind
of just fight your way up the side of
this mountain jumpin where you need to
and if you come over here just keep
jumping up and you can get right up to
it so thanks for watching everybody
doing another vista point in Lauren arse
pass I'm going for this one down here
just south east of the drunk Germans
priori basically I came to this refuge
peak Waypoint came across the bridge
followed this road on the on the map
here and then there's another little bit
that comes up here and you'll be up here
on this little thing here and you can
see the vista point right over there so
it looks like you pretty much just jump
over here and run along this ridge and
you grab it thanks for watching
everybody doing another vista point here
and Lauren Aras pass up a little bit on
the north west side over by the nin tour
Valley just east of this little keep
here going for this Vista point right
here it's kind of on top of a mountain
and I'm around on the west side of it
it's relatively easy to get here you can
either jump up the side or come in from
the fort if you look way up on top there
you can see the Vista Point I'm gonna
come around and come to the north side
here you can kind of come up this little
ice floe snow thing jump over to the
side and just keep working your way up
come over to the left on that little
Ridge up the rocks again just another
jumper - and you can grab it thanks for
watching everybody doing the vista point
here in the ice devils needle i came
into the cave from the 9th or white
point here followed this east along this
path here and came along a little Bridge
here jumped off that and see over there
you the bridge I jumped off of come up
north here and there's a little ramp
here that you will run up and over there
is the Vista point what you needed to
get there as just come right over here
I'm just gonna ignore that guy and then
you jump over here to this little rock
ledge and then you just follow this up
to here
and you jump on to that little beam and
follow the beam mount and you jump over
to this and you can grab it thanks for
watching everybody we are doing another
Vista point you know NARS pass I am
doing this one over here just south of
the Thunder horns basically you can just
come up this ramp right here of snow and
you can look up up there you can see the
vista point way up there and i haven't
actually gotten it yet so bear with me a
second but i believe you can just
essentially run up this snowbank here
and once you get to here you'll just
need to run up on the side or might even
be a little bit easier than that but
jump out here and you can grab it
one more down thanks for watching
everybody doing another Vista point here
in the morn RS pass just south of the
Falls River Valley going for this one
right here up on top of the mountain
there you can see it haven't actually
gotten up to it yet but I don't think
it's gonna be too bad based on how it
looks from the approach so basically you
can just run up the mountain there jump
up here and you can run all with the
mountain top and grab it thanks for
watching everybody doing another Vista
point here in Lauren RS pass you can
come in a cave entrance right over here
follow it up through this way and it's
bear right you'll come past this little
point of interest here and you'll come
out of the mountain over here and if you
can just
there's the where you come out and just
jump up onto here and then you bear
right you can see the Vista point up
there it looks kinda hard to get to and
it's just kind of deceptive cuz I in I
think that path in the mountain kind of
ramps up so anyway just run on over to
it and grab it there you go thanks for
watching